# Gilmore-girls-
	For this project, I collected data on 35 Gilmore Girls episodes. I took data from 5 episodes per season, there are seven seasons. Gilmore Girls relates to the social world since Gilmore Girls is a show involving many concepts and events in the real world. In this data I drew attention of different components of the episodes. These components were how funny, enjoyable, romantic, tense, and dramatic a variety of episodes were. Doing research on a show like Gilmore Girls which addresses many topics that people could relate to in their everyday lives 
 Gilmore Girls discusses family relations with the relationship of Lorelai and Rory and the relationship with Lorelai's parents. This show helps describe how family structures work, since none of the families in in this show are a “perfect family”, each one of these families has some kind of social issue or conflict that the show discusses. Lorelai is a single parent after having Rory as a teenager, this is also a social concept of benign a teen parent seeing how people adjust to that is shown in this show. Starting in the pilot episode Lorelai and Rory get hit on by the same man which shows how people do not know how to react to Lorelai being a teen parent. "Gilmore Girls" also delves into social class and privilege differences. Lorelai was raised in the upper class, attending private schools and fancy parties. However, she chose to raise her daughter in the middle/working class. Lorelai leaves her life of privilege to work at a hotel and strives to advance in her career. Rory, on the other hand, only glimpses this different world her mother was raised in when she attends Chilton, a private school, during high school. At Chilton, she is surrounded by upper-class peers who were raised similarly to her mother. Rory's experience straddling two social classes reflects a common issue people face in the real world, shedding light on the vast disparities between these worlds. Which she continues to do as she attends an Ivy university. This primaged life takes over her life until she is back with her mother who tries to bring her back to this humble life she wanted for her daughter, since she terns undetermined and ungrateful which was exactly what Lorelai was scared would happen. Religion is also a topic of discussion, particularly through Rory's best friend Lane and her strict religious mother. Throughout the show, Lane challenges her mother's views and traditions, providing insight into different family structures. It's fascinating to compare Lorelai's parenting with Lane's mother's approach, considering they are both single mothers raising daughters. This contrast highlights the diversity of family dynamics and parenting styles, enriching the show's exploration of social themes. Gilmore Girls is set in a small town called Starshallow which is its form of microsystem. This close-knit dynamic mirrors the reality of many small towns, where neighbors often form strong bonds and rely on one another for support. Starshallow also has many community events or common places that people go to which builds these bonds. These bonds are also shown when Loralei needs something or one of her community members needs something they always have someone to turn to and be there for them. I find Gilmore Girls such a great show to do research on the social world since it addresses so many concepts and questionable terms. 
In this research I collected data on thirty five episodes of Gilmore Girls, five episodes from each of the seven seasons. I documented each episode writing down the name and the season and episode number for each episode. My data analysis had three forms of quantitative data with Funny, enjoying, and drama. All three of these forms of quantitative data was on a ten point scale with ten meaning perfect going down to one being the lowest. Then for qualitative data I analyzed how funny and tense each episode was which was taken on a scale which was judges on a scale with none, little, and lot scale. To show the results of my data analysis I created five different tables. I created a contingency table, scatter plot, and descriptive statistics based on funny and enjoying which are to quantitative data results. Then I created a box plot which was created by a quantitative and qualitative data that was enjoying and romance. The residual plot is based off of how funny an episode is. 
My research will help the reader better understand gilmore girls since it shows what to expect for each episode. Gilmore Girls is a show where every season is slightly different and discusses a variety of issues that occurs. 
	Funny was chosen due to gilmore girls being an extremely funny show at time. Loralei and Rory both have dry humor which relates to event that go on in the real world. Drawing these connections are truly hilarious. 
	Enjoyablity was chosen due to gilmore girls being an extremely well liked show. When asking people who have watched gilmore girls not only have they enjoyed it but they tend to watch it more it more than once. Personally I have watched every episode of gilmore girls at least ten times in the last three years.
	Romance was chosen since Gilmore Girls has multiple different romantic ties. Rory has approximately three love interest, Lorelai has around five, and their are many different couples and relationships throughout the show. Gilmore Girls also has multiple different levels of relationships due to the multiple seasons and everyone getting older in every season. 
	Tension was chosen since their tends to be many conflicts in gilmore girls to keep the show intresting. Weither it is a fight between Lorelai and her parents or a argument between paris and rory their tends to always be something happening. 
	Drama was chosen since with the show being about two young girls who both made the show extremely dramatic. The Drama makes the show more interesting and well liked.
